Add blog (#211)
centre-for-humanities-computing/danish-foundation-models: docs/blog/posts/munin-7b-alpha.md

challenges we are facing. We want to clearly note that we expect the model to perform
suboptimally for many, if not most, applications. Our evaluations on the limited
generative Danish tasks available to us have indicated that our current training
approach may negatively impact performance on these downstream tasks, even compared to
the upstream Mistral model.

| Model Name                              	| Overall Score 	| Danish Score 	| Norwegian Score 	| Swedish Score 	|
|-----------------------------------------	|---------------	|--------------	|-----------------	|---------------	|
| gpt-4-0613                              	| 62.54 ± 2.87  	| 56.78 ± 2.56 	| 62.95 ± 3.63    	| 67.90 ± 2.43  	|
| gpt-3.5-turbo-0613                      	| 56.18 ± 2.84  	| 51.73 ± 2.60 	| 54.30 ± 2.86    	| 62.52 ± 3.05  	|
| mistralai/Mistral-7B-v0.1               	|               	|              	|                 	|               	|
| danish-foundation-models/munin-7b-alpha 	| 21.46 ± 2.98  	| 20.53 ± 2.82 	| 14.59 ± 3.47    	| 29.25 ± 2.66  	|
| mhenrichsen/danskgpt-tiny              	| 02.95 ± 1.18	  	| 01.77 ± 1.48 	| 02.63 ± 0.61	   	| 04.46 ± 1.46	  	|

> See [the full ScandEval
> leaderboard](https://scandeval.github.io/mainland-scandinavian-nlu-benchmark/) for more
> comparisons. Despite these challenges, we hope that our open approach encourages the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [the full ScandEval
leaderboard](https://scandeval.github.io/mainland-scandinavian-nlu-benchmark/) for an up-to-date
comparison. Despite these challenges, we hope that our open approach encourages the
```

Reviewer: Potentially worth noting that scores can become outdated
